30 Minutes Human # 00082
Beings, Red, Blue, Walk, Despair
November 30, 2025

The red became blue.
"Walk," said the green being. All of them walked. There wasn't much mystery then.
The next time, the red became blue.
"Walk," said the red being.
Some walked. Some did not. Those who walked were elked.
This matched what they'd been told, but it was still shocking to see. None of them wished to be elked. They glanced at each other nervously.
The next time, the red became blue.
The red being wrestled with the blue being. Neither said anything to them.
"Do we walk?" asked one.
"Yes," responded another. "Unless the red wins, we can walk. Walk before the red wins."
They all walked. Quickly. The red came out on top, but by that point all of them had walked, so nothing came of it.
The next time, the red became blue.
"Walk," said the blue being.
They walked.
The next time, the red became blue. Then it became red again.
"Walk," said the blue being. The red stood behind, nodded slightly, and smiled.
Some walked, and darkness fell among them. They could not see anything, and sound was out of the question.
"What now?" they yelled. Nothing came back to them. Darkness reigned.
The next time, the red became blue, and the blue glowed. It flashed purple for the briefest moment, then blue again.
"Walk," said a voice.
Some of them crouched down and cried, tearing at themselves in despair.
The next time, the red did not change color.
"Walk," said the red being.
They all walked. Even the green being, unexpectedly among them, walked.
The next time, the red became green. As they walked, the blue being fell from a great height and bounced among them. The blue being would not be getting up again.
The next time, the red stayed red.
The next time, the red stayed red once more.
The next time, it started as green. There was a tremendous scream, and the green faded to red.
"Walk, or don't," said a voice. They ran in all directions, save for the direction to be walked in, and it all faded into a yellow mist.
The next time, it was half red and half green. They stood there, catatonic, drool dripping from their mouths. No voice spoke.
The next time, the red became green.
"Walk," said the green being. They looked up at it, haggard, their eyes all but devoid of life or hope, and walked. The red being juggled blue balls in the background. Some fell, some splattered.
The next time, the red being covered it, and said, "walk". It stood on the green being's back. It was unconcerned. It didn't even turn to determine if they had walked or not.
The next time, it shone white. The red being and green being lay on the ground, each other's colors splattered opposite. Neither moved. Some walked to them and found them quite dead. They looked at each other, ignorant of what to do.
The next time, a long time later, it still shone white. No changes. No beings. They looked at each other in confusion and a long time seemed to pass.
"What now?" one asked. A few others echoed the question. None knew what to do. They stared forth.
The next time, it shone white. They wondered if it had ever shone another color. They stood.
The next time, it shone white. Unblinking, unmoving, constant, eternal. It shone white.
One of them said, "walk." He said it to himself. He walked. He was not seen again.
The next time, it shone yellow. The yellow being said, "walk."
They walked. Darkness fell early.
The next time, it shone yellow, and the yellow glared brighter and brighter as the moments passed.
"Walk," said the yellow being. They walked. Some glanced up but understood naught.
The next time, it shone yellow, but it seemed to have a small black dot in its midst.
"Walk," said the yellow being with the crater through its forehead. It keeled over, fell flat forward, and did not twitch once.
They walked. Some scratched their eyes out.
The next time, it did not shine. Grey enveloped all. "Is there more?" they asked. None knew. They milled about.
The next time, it shone white, but blinked on and off at an uncertain rhythm.
"Do we walk?! Tell us, pray tell us!!"
No response came. Some walked, though a direction was not defined.
The next time, it shone white. Some remembered yellow, some green. They knew not that there had ever been other colors.
The next time, it shone small. It shone white, but it shone small, so small.
"Walk, walk!" they heard, but then they saw that it came from them, and they threw themselves on the ground, prostrate, and there stayed.
The next time, it did not shine. The red being and the green being and the yellow being and the blue being hung hammered from the rear wall. Some were head-up, some were head-down.
"How do you see?" demanded a loud angry voice from the heavens. They turned their faces up, jaws slack and wide open, and sought blindness.
It did not come.
The next time, it shone white and pure. "Walk, walk," came a voice, benign, friendly, pure, giving.
They walked, most of them. Some remained behind, unable or unwilling, which at this stage made little difference. Those were elked.
The next time, it shone white. "Walk," said a normal voice. They looked around themselves and saw that all faces were unfamiliar, perhaps their own as well. They walked.
The next time, there were two, and they both shone white, both in the same direction, both at them.
They knew terror then, confusion at the innermost corner of their broken minds and spirits. A voice may have given them instruction, but they did not hear it.
The next time, they both shone white. They were on the ground, twitching, spams uncontrolled.
The next time, one shone white, one did not. Their eyes were downcast and devoid of spark. No voice rang, no walking took place.
The next time, they shone at each other, white and all colors and all colors and white. No instruction came. One fell on his neighbor and never got up again. They stood.
The next time, it shone blue. "Walk," said the blue being. They walked.
Those who walked close saw that the blue face sagged and that the eyes were fixed, and it gave a foul air. The arms hung down, and some of the blue on the being's side was brown.
"Walk," it seemed to say. They walked, because the alternative was terror.
The next time, it shone blue. The blue being stood by it, arms down, a dead smile on its face as it faced forward. "Wa-" it said. They turned to their neighbors and scratched their neighbors' eyes out.

[Author's notes: The beings I saw in my mind's eye, clearly influenced by some colored creature I've seen on a screen at some point in my life, but I couldn't say what it was.]
