30 Minutes Human # 00080
Bells, Incessant Ringing, Afflicted, Vegetarians, Palisades
November 25, 2025

Over and over the hills the bells rang, and they rang loud, and they rang aggressive, and everybody knew that they were ringing, and nobody knew what it was about, because indeed they knew not that there were any bells at all.
Then the confusion arose, first curious, then concerned, and those on the streets yelled "What are those bells? What are those bells? Who has heard them before?" And as they screamed these questions and looked at each other in curiosity they realized that the mystery applied to all, that even those who knew Things and had Power were uninformed, and the bells did not stop, no, they did not stop, and a great wondering and fearing came upon them all.
The bells were many, and the bells were big and small and brass and tin and thin and thick and tall and flat and the sound they made was music to some and noise to others but it was so loud, so extraordinarily everywhere, that eventually they were all swept away, for there was no attention or focus or conversation or art or trade to be had with this cacophony echoing through every wall and bone.
And then the sun set, it set fast, faster than it had ever set, and one might say that it wasn't a setting sun but a falling one, and if the sun fell, would they ever see it again? The bells were bringing madness for still they permeated all, still they came and went with their cling and their clang, and it was darkness outside, and the people feared until they look upward and saw that the stars were there fixed and unmoved by the metallic orchestra that sounded in all places.
It was everywhere and from somewhere, it was farther here than there but ultimately always present and just as loud, regardless of levels, and all save those under sheet and pillow would hear them the same. Those beneath their bedding were able to, to some extent, find relief from the sounding, but it was relief insufficient.
Just as the sun sank the sun rose, and there had been no moon at all, but it was not a night in which a moon was expected, so this had not brought any alarm. And as the sun shone its rays over the land and its trees and people the bells continued, always bright and sharp and shattering, as if they'd just started, as if they'd ring forever.
The people could no longer be. They thought under a dull haze of bells eternal, bells that could not and would not ever give any respite, and they walked and ate and defecated but always with the cloud of the bells over their minds.
Some enjoyed the bells, enjoyed them mightily, for they gave them strength theretofore unknown, and they walked light as the wind and sharp as the feather and smiled and were gleeful in a way they never had been, and those were the vegetarians, for they had never, or at least in a long time, known the pleasure of souldeath for sustenance, and now they were being rewarded for it.
In this land there were few of those, a small handful in every village, but as the days started rolling and the bells continued ringing and the haze of the people grew heavier, and the people started becoming as cattle that could only feed and lay waste and sleep a dim sleep, the vegetarians found themselves lords.
Enlightened masters of all they saw around themselves, once sometimes even mocked for their habits, now their saving grace, now indeed the saving grace of their homes and families, for they could mind those struck dumb by the bells, the glorious bells, the beautiful bells, and others had nobody to mind them.
Once many days had passed and food in pantries started running out, the people made for the stores, slowly, as if unsure of where they went, and at the store they detected that not all was well for these outlets were likewise unmanned, as the bells forgave no profession, and the shelves were bare, and there was no food.
And then the bells, the bells in their heavenly splendor that was all music and lacking in every definition of harmony, that were constant and yet as ever-changing as the almighty number pi, those bells started to drive the people against each other.
At first it was shoves and pushes over last items left on corners of stores, but once these were depleted they started attacking each other, for sustenance was a need from up on high, and man was like other creatures in that one unfed became enraged.
The clanging and ringing and bashing and tinkling of the bells became the backdrop for violence terrible, violence of neighbors and brothers and friends since childhood, and then realizing that there would be no food, that there would be nothing to hold them up once their energy stores were depleted, and given that the bells allowed no pause for thought, no moment for contemplation, those affected trudged their way out of the cities.
On the fields they knew, instinctively, that the vegetable gardens and fruit trees offered food, but much of that green foodstuff needed preparation that the afflicted were not mentally able to perform. The apples and pears and lemons and oranges ran out quickly, and once that was past, all that there was left were the animals, those that moved and grazed and hunted. It also left any other human who might remain clear-minded.
Those clear minded, those vegetarians, quickly saw their risk. They gathered in groups, using primitive versions of the communication technology they had at one point taken for granted, and outside each city one or two palisades were set up around buildings existent.
Those palisades, embellished always by the play of light brought on by the ever-presence of the bells, would surround just enough cabins and orchards to feed the few that found themselves within. Their food required its own food not, but only water, and water was plentiful, for it had started to flow with sparkle and wit since the bell-music from above had permeated all that was.
Those struck foolish by the Music identified the fortifications their onetime neighbors were hiding behind, and this angered them, angered them deeply. They were jealous of their wellbeing, of their happiness, of the lightness of their movement, and made no effort to pretend otherwise.
The truth was that they were jealous. They understood why the vegetarians had been spared the torment brought on by the Constant Sound, and wished they had possessed that clarity of mind when it would have still made a difference. They hungered for wisdom. 'Twas all they sought. Dimmed of sufficient intellect, they were able to piece together a single, basic plan, one that might correct that which they missed. Wisdom. Insight. Intellect.
So it was that, on a fated dusk at the end of a busy week near two months after the bells first began their infernal insistence on the ears and souls of the land, the weakest of the afflicted began the moan that would come to characterize them and strike terror into the hearts of those who remained:
"Braaaaaiiiiinsssss."

[Author's notes: I know this has been done before, but in my defense, I hadn't planned to do it when I set out, but things ultimately went this way. Poe's poem came to mind at a certain point. I wanted to do a fast-write, but that only lasted a few minutes, and then it became this.]
