30 Minutes Human # 00078
Tail, Woman, Small Dog, Shape-Shift, Dollmaker
November 22, 2025

Had she seen him?
He stayed perfectly still, not ducking behind the corner again. Any movement might give him away, and he was confident that his camouflage was good enough. To discern a single eye at this distance? It would be very difficult... but it wasn't impossible.
Eventually she turned and kept going down the narrow street, the small dog's exploration of the cobblestones, gutters, and walkways unperturbed. She continued swaying with the ease she'd displayed before, and he knew that she'd either not seen him or that he was dealing with somebody much more talented than he had anticipated.
When she was far enough that losing her became a concern he transformed again, then flitted up to the tiled roofs of the low cluttered buildings and advanced a few blocks. The downsides of this mechanism were readily evident, but he was impossible to identify when in hummingbird form.
Four blocks were sufficient. He maneuvered down to a small crack between two walls, found a wooden cart with dirty, disheveled sheets on it, and returned to his normal form. He did this slowly and with no sudden movements.
There he waited. In addition to the downside of being blind as a mole when shape-shifted, there was the fact that she could at any point go into one of the shops or houses on the way, or explore one of the dead-end alleys, or even turn back, and he would lose her. This thus seemed like a terrible, if not downright idiotic, strategy. But he had his instructions, and he would follow them.
A minute later she walked by again. Her crossing his point of view took only a moment, but first the small animal and then the swaying dark-green dress made her easy to identify. She didn't look in his direction, but walked on with her back straight, eyes forward, and leash casually hanging from her hand.
He went back to the corner, took his position, lightly simulated the color of the small trees that dotted the way, and watched. She didn't look back this time, and after a few minutes he repeated the process:
Transform
Advance
Land
Hide
Watch.
It was different when she passed in front of him this next time, however. When she was right before him, she stopped at the doorway across the alley.
She looked at the stalls mounted by the door, with melons on one side and red cloth dolls on the other, and picked one of the latter up. She examined it, looking at it closely, then set it back down again. The woman then entered the building.
This was what he'd been sent to spot. They'd been trying to figure out what her contact, or play, or business, or anything here was, and many like him had failed over the preceding months.
On just his second attempt, he'd found something. Had they missed it? Or was this—
She stepped back outside. He was hiding behind a scattering of broken crates, hidden in the shadows, and he figured that it was impossible for her to identify him. She didn't even glance in his direction, but went up the street again, loosely led by the dog.
The whole thing had lasted less than 15 seconds. Had he been an alley up or an alley down, he would've missed her. He'd caught a break!
He wasn't a foolish man, however. It would be difficult for a fool to have survived this far. He had questions about how easy it had been; surely his colleagues had at some point hidden in this same small alley, behind the same set of crates.
The same set of conveniently shadowed crates with an even more convenient space behind and under them.
Was there a chance that this might be a setup? Would he be walking into a trap?
Perhaps. But he had a job to do, and it would be silly to put it off. If it was a trap, so be it. He was ready to pay the final price if he had to.
All of the others had always returned. No traps had been sprung in the past. Why would one now be set up, when such a thing had never taken place before?
Because she'd seen him earlier, that's why. She could move that quickly. If even a fifth of what was said about her was true, she could set up an ambush or trap within seconds. And the damned dog wouldn't even know what had transpired.
But he had to go in. So perhaps he'd not walk in in disguise, but instead seem actively interested in the wares available. Since nobody would believe some tale about melons, it would have to be about the dolls.
She was no longer a concern; they knew where she'd end up, and they knew where she'd start from the following time. What mattered now was the doorway.
He waited a couple of minutes, enough time for her to safely have walked at least two blocks, and then fluttered ahead to a corner behind a bushy tree. He stepped up from there, his dress now impeccable, his hair and beard as if recently trimmed, and walked back the way she'd come. Two blocks, back to the dolls and the melons. From the opposite direction, to less probably look like he was tailing her.
He stopped at the dolls and raked through them for a bit. They were well-made, evidently by hand; each was a little different in body and face, but their material and colors were all the same. Then he stepped inside.
It was cool and clean within. The floor was of wooden boards, the walls of painted stone. A counter divided the store in half, and on the other side of it stood a man. Slim, bald, about 60, wire-rimmed spectacles, tailor-made tweed overall vest. Behind the man were mounted shelves, and each of them held a couple of dolls. One of them was just like the ones outside, but it was perfect in its form, and its face was better than that of any version he'd seen outside.
"Good afternoon," said the man. "Welcome to my shop. How can I help you?"
His eye hovered for a moment on a small exit by the corner that seemed to lead to a rear room. Perhaps a workshop. He was surprised by this, because he hadn't identified that exit when he'd first entered, but that was probably because the storekeeper happened to be blocking its view.
"I saw your dolls outside, and thought that I might buy one for my sister's child. But now I see that you have many other models, not just the one there."
"Of course, I'd be more than happy to assist you. What's the child's name?"
"Rose," he responded.

[Author's note: As soon as I started writing this piece a woman walked by. Dark green dress, nice figure, small dog on a leash. Sometimes reality creeps into what we write. Sometimes it's subtle, sometimes less so. Toward the end I remembered the animated short "Alma", and was perhaps writing in that direction.]
