30 Minutes Human # 00073
Murder, Alibi, Restaurant, Discovery, Sex
November 15, 2025

"Forgiveness is for unclean whores," he said before plugging five bullets into Menzies' face.
Without pausing for thought, he pivoted and walked back up the hallway with the doors on the sides, retracing the steps they'd taken together. It wasn't quite what Montressor had achieved, but close enough and safer by a mile. Menzies had been a piece of shit in every sense of the phrase, but never stupid enough to fall for something that absurd.
Within a couple of minutes he was back up on the alley, then walking back toward the Japanese restaurant. Not thirty minutes had passed from when he'd quietly left the place to when he stepped back in, passed the characteristically unstaffed greeting station, hung his trench coat up, and headed back to their table.
"Beauli! Where the hell were you?"
"Sorry guys. I told you I wasn't feeling well. Don't go to the restroom here today, if you can help it."
"Ohhh!! That's disgusting, dude! Come on, there are girls here!"
"Sorry, ladies." He looked at the three of them in turn with an apologetic smile on his face. "I shouldn't have said that. It was those street tacos last night."
Two of them smiled thinly, but the third, the Romanian whose name he'd forgotten twice even though she was sitting next to him, said, "It's okay, don't worry. Hope you feel better soon. You should stop drinking, though."
"Thanks. I've just been drinking seltzer." He winked.
"Ah, that's good." She held eye contact for a bit longer than she needed to, then rubbed his arm and said, "we've been discussing the latest Spritzik series, from the last three years. Antoni here says they're the best ones yet, but the rest of us have a minimal amount of taste."
They all laughed, and Antoni signaled the waiter for another round of drinks and for more beef tataki. By the time the girl started rubbing her bare foot against his ankle, they'd all forgotten that he'd ever gone to the restroom, and he'd started to think that he might actually manage two wins in a single night.
* * *
People started wondering about Nello Menzies a few days later. He was the sort of person who'd sometimes go on unannounced 96-hour benders and reappear as if nothing, let alone any excesses, had taken place. But when his mother showed up looking for him because he'd missed his sister's 25th birthday, something that he'd never consciously do, questions arose.
Beauli had expected it to take a bit longer for anybody to realize that he was missing, but this didn't really impact anything. It would've worked just as well if Menzies' disappearance, or even the finding of his body, had occurred within 24 hours.
Menzie's family, and then his friends, became properly concerned when about two weeks had passed and nobody'd seen any hint of him. The police were called in, despite protests from Treviño and his group, and his apartment was searched, but nothing unusual turned up. The cops had questions about some of the items and products they found in his apartment, but they gathered that none of it really hinted toward his whereabouts.
Nello Menzies was filed as officially missing.
Lines of inquiry went out.
Nobody looked at Beauli. Nobody knew, and if they did, they never would've put two and two together. There was too much even they couldn't have known.
* * *
As chance would have it, the Romanian girl was at his place when he learned that Menzies' body had been discovered. In fact, he technically found out through her. This was perhaps their fourth tryst, and she was getting dressed as he watched, his eyes tracing the curves of her jeans as she put her belt back on, when her eye caught a notification on her phone.
"Oh my god," she whispered.
"What?"
"They found Nello Menzies dead."
He'd thought about different ways that he could act upon finding out, so as to seem realistically surprised, but this genuinely caught him off guard. His mind was elsewhere, in curves and jeans and what lay beneath them, and her comment yanked him out of it.
"Really?" A fraction of a second later than he might've otherwise, he asked "Where? What?"
"In the West L. Hang on."
She sat on the bed, the black bra forgotten on the covers beside her, and texted for a few minutes. He thought about just watching her, but knew the better path was to act as he otherwise might've and went to his own phone. Chats were blowing up.
"Wow," he said after browsing them for a few minutes. "That's pretty brutal."
"Right? Holy shit."
She stayed on the phone for a few more minutes, then put it down and turned to him. "Crazy, huh? There was a lot of that back home, but I didn't think it would happen to anybody here."
"Yeah. It's fucked. But that guy was into some sketchy shit." He suddenly realized that he had a raging boner, and there was no way he'd let it go to waste with this dime sitting next to him. "Cm'ere." He gently grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her toward him. "Let's celebrate the fact that we're alive."

[Author's notes: I was interrupted several times while writing this, and wrote it late. I'm curious about what went on between Menzies and Beauli in the past.]
