30 Minutes Human # 00065
Carrot, End of the Universe, Creation, Conscience, Water
November 3, 2025

The very last thing the end of the universe took was a small piece of boiled carrot on the corner of a table. The carrot was unevenly shaped, like a square that had failed to be uniform, but its thickness was fairly even, and thus formed it sat and awaited the end of all things.
Man was gone by that point. So were beasts and birds and plants and insects and fish and rocks and the wind itself. The stars were gone, other planets were gone, and indeed, there was nothing else left.
But the carrot remained, and under it, the corner of the table. It was unfathomably unlikely that of everything that existed it should be a bit of the Planet Earth, of the very planet that had housed life and humans, that should vanish last, but if random chance had struck once, it could strike again. And if random chance had struck twice, then perhaps it wasn’t very random at all.
Had the piece of carrot eyes, it would’ve seen nothing, for there were no sources of light. But had it both eyes and the emission of light it would have observed that the last bits of table around it were vanishing, its turf becoming smaller and smaller in what seemed to be a rough radius around it.
It was as if the end of the universe had focused on the carrot. It could move very quickly, that universe-end, and indeed it already had, wiping out entire galactic clusters in the blink of a doe’s eye. The end of the end of all things could’ve happened just as quickly, and then the nothing would be absolute.
But as it happens with these things, the end of the universe was not a mere phrase but a proper noun: it was the End of the Universe. Equations of human physics could have explained it, for the best lies are those staunchly founded on the truth, but there was a conscious will behind this that no physician would’ve imagined, no human science, in fact, and that no theologian would’ve found in any of his notes.
The End of the Universe had fixated on the carrot. It had left the Planet Earth for last, this unique, colorful, vibrant planet with so remarkable an amount of emotion, and after the chaos that had consumed the mossy sphere had entertained it so, it had noted that it was running out of things to End, that that it considered most unfortunate.
How quickly the entire thing had happened no one could tell, for time itself had been thrown into disarray with the whole affair. It had been fast, though. Perhaps too fast. The conscience behind this event had long been planning and building up to it, and just like the lesser minds it often mocked on this third pebble from Sol, it had ultimately been defeated by excitement and premature production.
In fact, had it had a bitter aunt, she would have described it as immature.
So now this conscience was down to a small piece of boiled carrot, one carelessly dropped from a spicy chicken sandwich consumed a man unaware that he was having his last meal. That man was spending Saturday at the office, working on an urgent deliverable, and had been happy to know that lunch was on the house. He’d picked up the wrong chicken sandwich, however, and eaten the spicy one that had been ordered by a colleague.
An inconsequential mistake, to be sure, but when a mistake is a man’s last, it carries more weight than it otherwise might’ve.
The hypothetical light-emitting and seeing carrot would have observed that the encroaching darkness had suddenly, apparently, stopped. It hadn’t, of course, for the End of the Universe cannot be stopped once it has started, but this End had been slowed down to the molecular level so it would last a while longer.
The destructive conscience contemplated the small cutting of boiled carrot. All things it had ended, and little pleasure had it gotten from most of it, but the magic of organic life it could enjoy one more time. This was a corpse, of course; this carrot had ceased to be living tissue shortly after it had been cast, along with many like it, into a great container of bubbling water at a burger joint.
Even corpses were magic, however, as some humans had learned and many others had long assumed, and the corpse of a carrot, a carrot pulled from engineered earth after an existence of never seeing the light of day, had its secrets.
Could life be recreated? The conscience was not a creative force, or at least it had never been one thus far. Its ability lay in making nothings out of something, or nothing out of somethings. But it had never considered the possibility of Making.
The crawl of destruction slowed down even further, now to the sub-atomic level. Electrons began to lose their existence one at a time. The conscience could take it down even smaller levels, like that of neutrinos (save for the fact that neutrinos were all quite gone, as were goats), if it so wished. It wrestled with the idea of creation.
Create based on what? It had no imagination, no inspiration, no vision. It could, at best, only copy. And it had three things left to copy: boiled carrot, a trace of water minimally scattered around where the carrot sat, and the Formica countertop that held All That Remained.
The consciousness behind the End of the Universe could see how it was all put together. As one electron after another vanished in an inexorable race to True Nothing, the conscience turned its focus elsewhere and focused all its energies. It had not been depleted by putting the End of the Universe into motion, for energy did not apply to it, and now it had a new goal.
Its new goal was Creation. Creation not of life, meaning, or emotive love, for those were things it cared little about, but creation of its own little sandbox, one to be as big or small or whole or partitioned as it wished.
A sandbox made of carrot, water, and Formica.
Unfathomable effort and thought came. What will arose in the unmoving depths of Naught is difficult to imagine, but a crude imitation of water somewhere, in a place beyond places, suddenly happened.
The conscience had selected water because it was easier. It is difficult to describe how a force so awesome and overwhelming could be cowardly, but this one was; it was somehow afraid of the carrot, now that it beheld it in this new light. It knew that it might never be able to replace its intricacies, and didn’t wish to fail, so it had determined that the water lightly about the orange block was somehow more enticing a challenge.

[Author’s notes: I’d had the first line in mind for a few days, this since I beheld such a piece of carrot in such a position on the corner of a table at a WeWork. I don’t know if this came off as Douglas Adams-y, but I’ve never had the pleasure of reading any of his work.]
