30 Minutes Human # 00076
Bar, Robot, 4th Wall, Childhood Trauma, Genital Pain
November 19, 2025

“What’s your name?”
“Bill.”
“Bill, give me another double.” Jefe passed him a couple of neatly-folded twenties. “More of these if you keep it flowing.”
Bill nodded and took the money, then went poured the man the drink he’d requested.
“Rocks?” he asked from halfway down the bar.
“Sure. One. No, two. Three. Two.”
Bill nodded and gave him his drink, then moved on to get somebody else’s order.
Jefe took a sip, let it sit in his mouth for a second, and downed it. That was always nice. He always thought the first taste was nice, no matter how many he’d had.
“Mind if I sit next to you?” asked a husky female voice as he was tapped on the shoulder. He turned, surprised, and found himself facing an R-100. It loomed over him. The rifle slung on its back looked menacing.
“I didn’t know this was a sci-fi story,” said Jefe. He turned and flashed the camera, his complaint directed straight at the writer. “What is this?”
“This is what we’re doing,” said the empty stool next to him.
“Ahh, come on, man,” said Jefe. “This could’ve been a good character study, or something more introspective, and now we’re doing what, Duck Amuck?”
“Keep complaining and I’ll draw a mustache on you,” said the flower coming out of Bill’s ear as he walked by. The flower hadn’t been there before.
“Fine,” said Jefe. He turned back to the robot. “What do you want? What are we doing?”
“I asked you if you minded if I sat next to you,” responded the R-100. “You rudely didn’t respond.”
“Are you going to blast a hole in my head with that thing?” asked Jefe.
The robot shrugged. “Maybe,” it said. The skeletal systems on these things had really become very impressive, thought Jefe.
“Sure. Sit down. Do you want me for robot sex?” he asked.
“I don’t have any junk. You know, down here. I could give you a handy, but with this same hand I could also pulverize a right-sized cinder block, so it’s your call. If you’re into Russian Roulette, I can’t be beat.
“Yeah. No. But thanks. Change your voice to something annoying, like an over-Southern cowboy.”
“Yee-haw, pard.”
“You still have the voice.”
“You don’t tell me what to do. So. What are you drinking, lonely handsome stranger?”
Jefe regarded the robot with annoyance. He was not lonely, just alone. And he wasn’t handsome. He was just a dude who looked like a dude.
However, Jefe knew that his very existence hinged on this conversation going well. If he proved too cheeky, the writer might entirely erase him from existence.
‘You bet your ass’, flashed the television hanging from the corner, which for a few seconds looked to have a 12-foot diagonal.
Jefe chose the wiser, self-preserving path. “Whiskey. Double. Two rocks.”
“What whiskey?”
“Johnny Walker Double Black.”
“Fancy. You like that?”
“No. I fucking hate it, so I’m drinking it tonight. Come on, what is this? You’re terrible! Can I at least have a good-lookin’ broad, or an entertaining midget, or something?”
“No,” responded the robot. “And you’re not supposed to say midget. You might get canceled. Anyhow, you’re stuck with me. My name’s Maritza. Good to meet you.”
“Maritza? You’re Mexican?”
The robot chuckled. “Right,” it said.
“Alright. Improve your dialogue. Get me in trouble, or tell me a good story, or help me pick up a broad, or something. This scene is terrible, and since it’s just a scene, SOMEBODY is FAILING.”
“The all-caps is unnecessarily hurtful,” muttered the bar stool.
“So’s being in this shit scene,” responded Jefe.
“Tell me something sad from your childhood. We’re going to save this,” commanded the R-100.
Jefe was going to come back with some cleverly offensive comeback, but something in the robot’s tone gave him pause. So did a crisp warning that the writer had telegraphed directly into his mind.
“When I was nine years old, my dad picked me up from a friend’s house where we were having a playdate. There was something wrong with Dad back then, like he wasn’t all there. It lasted for a couple of years, but then I think he became normal again. My mom doesn’t talk about it a lot, but I’ve discussed it with my brothers, and they all remember more or less the same thing.”
The robot nodded. There was finally a conversation happening.
“We hit a bump in the road. That’s what it felt like, at least, until my dad slammed the steering wheel with both hands and stopped the car. He got out, went to the back to check, and then I heard him yell a bunch of curse words. He went to his door and buried his head in his arms, still standing, staying still, and didn’t say anything.
“So I didn’t say anything to him either. Of course I didn’t. I knew to be careful with Dad back then. But I did get out of the car, and I stepped to the back, and I saw a pig. It was neither too big nor too small, but it had a little blue collar on it. The pig was somebody’s pet. And Dad had run over it.
“Its guts were out. One of its legs was a mess, all broken by the open wound. But it was still alive. And it looked at me, and squealed, and tried to move its legs as if to run, and then it just died. I saw it die. The zest in its eyes just… left.”
Jefe looked in his drink, saw that there wasn’t even a single drop left to extract, and put it on the bar. “I got back in the car and shut the door. After a little while, my dad got back in as well and drove. We never spoke about it again. Ever. To this day.”
The robot nodded, instead of doing what the writer almost asked him to do, which was to ask something immediately. Instead, it was wise and empathetic and stayed quiet for several seconds.
Then the robot asked, “Your dad’s still around?”
“Yeah,” said Jefe.
He suddenly leaped out of his stool. ‘Leaped’ may be generous; he fell off, as if shoved backwards. He started screaming, his hands grabbing his genital area.
“What the fuck?!?!” screamed Jefe, his eyes bulging, the veins in his neck about to pop. “What the fuck!!! Is this you, you writing piece of—what the fuck?!?”
Jefe rolled on the ground of the bar, unable to make any more words. It smelled like piss, as one might expect after the previous night’s Urinatrix competition (Tuesday nights were wild at Bill’s bar), but he barely noticed. The man was experiencing another level of pain.
Eventually, the pain subsided. Jefe got to his feet and sought the camera, but there was no easy peephole out of the bar this time. He stumbled to the bathroom. The robot watched him go, but none of the other patrons really gave him or his pain much thought.
Jefe went into the stall and found it decently clean. There was a mountain of toilet paper on the back of the seat, but other than that, it was more decent than most of the other bar restrooms he’d been in. He only noticed this in passing, of course; his attention was entirely on his groin.
He ripped his belt off and unbuttoned himself as quickly as he could, then carefully pulled his boxers down and examined his pecker. What the almighty fuck had that pain been?

[Author’s notes: This is the first time I have a beer while writing one of these. It was a Maredous, 10% alcohol volume. Very tasty. I figured the story should take place in a bar to honor this. Nothing other than that was remotely pre-planned.]
