30 Minutes Human # 00071
Stick, Genie, Transformation, Human, Speech Impediment
November 13, 2025

Bennie was a stick.
Bennie had been a fine stick all its life, but it had never really thought about being anything other than a stick.
Being a stick made for a good life. Bennie had been a branch once, but its name had been different then, and the time it spent as a branch was a dim, difficult memory that it didn't really go to often. Memories were difficult. Living in the moment was not.
And sticks live in the moment.
Bennie had spent most of its time on the grass. It was relatively well-trafficked grass, and different creatures had accidentally or purposefully moved it around, but Bennie had never gone too far from where it had initially fallen.
Sticks didn't talk to each other. They didn't have mouths. But they did know what was going on with other sticks, so Bennie was aware that, on occasion, sticks could be carried far. Very far. To places where there were no sticks like them, or where there were no sticks at all.
Bennie didn't know which of these seemed worse. Being away from the grass it liked, and from other sticks and little creatures it knew, made for a pleasant experience. The creatures around here didn't seem to take much pleasure in breaking sticks, either, which was nice. Bennie didn't want to be broken into nothing, nor did it want to become green, rot, and turn to dirt. That was a dire fate for sticks. No, better to remain a good stick, firm, dry, and sturdy.
The genie appeared one afternoon. It was an ordinary afternoon, with some creatures around, the sun shining, clouds in the air, scattered sounds. Nothing might've suggested to Bennie that this would be a day that would change all things.
The genie was blue. It had a red belt, funny candle-like hair, and a mischievous grin. It looked like the biped humans, or at least like the top half of them, because this genie had no legs. It just petered down to nothing.
"Hey, stick," the genie said. One moment Bennie was alone, minding its business, and the next moment this floating creature was next to it.
"Stick. I'm going to grant you a wish."
Bennie didn't know what to make of this. Sometimes creatures tried to communicate with it, but they were either being foolish, were very young, or were out of their minds. This one, however, knew exactly what it was doing.
"Stop ignoring me. Wish for something."
"Me?" emanated Bennie. It had never communicated with anything other than another stick.
"Yes. Go."
"Why?" Later in its existence, Bennie would be proud of having asked such a deep question.
"Stop asking me stupid questions, stick. Wish for something. Go."
"I'm happy with what I have," said the stick. "Why would I wish for something else?"
"Because there's so much more you can ask for. Seriously? You're a stick."
"So? Maybe you wish you were a stick."
The genie opened its mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Bennie had made a good point.
"Listen, are you going to wish for something, or do I go somewhere else?"
"Go. I'm fine."
This pissed the genie off. In fact, it irked the genie mightily. The genie said, "You know what? No. I'm just going to turn you into a person, because that's what you would wish for if you had any sense."
"A person?"
"A person. A human person. And I'm going to tag along and whisper suggestions in your ear."
"I don't want those things. I'm happy here. If you go away, maybe I'll be picked up by a small doggo."
"No."
Bennie blinked. Bennie breathed, Bennie moved its hands and head and looked around.
"Now you're a human. Welcome to personhood. Now let's go get ice cream. I want you to try ice cream."
This wasn't the first time the genie had done such a thing. The very first time, an untold age ago, the new person had lost its mind in an instant, and had screamed, eyes bulging, muscles taut, until its throat had flown out of its mouth a liquefied mess. Lessons had been learned from that and other similar adventures.
Now the genie knew to create people with mental safeguards. Bennie had been given instinct, so it instinctively knew what it felt like to be in a human body, unconscious muscle control, the nature of sense and feeling, and several other important details. Bennie would not be screaming.
"Whajaha," mumbled Bennie.
"Damnit," said the genie. "I didn't give you speech. Is it physical or mental?"
"Hiiaiai. Kkk khhh," responded Bennie. It looked down at it hands again, then back at the genie, frustrated.
"I can't fix that. Well, have fun."
Bennie emanated instead of trying to speak. "You can't leave me like this. Make me a stick again. I can't even make the sounds right."
"Ah, so it's just physical," said the genie.
"This is a terrible adventure. Make me a stick again."
"No. I can't. Yeah."
"Ghuuuu huua!" said Bennie. It lunged at the genie. The lunge failed.
"Yeah, you're not what I was hoping for. Maybe I won't do this again for a while."
Bennie wasn't listening. It had become distracted by the lively, bright, geometric shapes on its sweater.
"You have a wiener, stick. Use it. You have a stick. Man, I don't envy you." The genie vanished, not to be seen again for years.
Bennie eventually tired of examining its sweater, which was now his sweater, and looked around. He took a couple of tentative steps and found that walking felt fine. He walked forward.
Eventually, he came across a biped laying on the grass. The biped was still, but a few smaller, woolier creatures were prancing around it, happily distracting each other.
Bennie knew these creatures; he knew them as doggos, because that's what another stick had emanated at him some time earlier. Doggos could be dangerous to sticks, but only if the stick was weak. Otherwise, doggos were fun. They brought movement and change.
"Oh oh ohhhh" happily exclaimed Bennie. The doggos paid him no heed. "Oh-oh-ohhhhhhh," he said again, a bit more clearly.
The biped on the ground, which he now understood was a human person, moved a towel off its face and regarded him.
"Excuse me, what?" it asked.
Bennie looked at it, and sensed that it was emanating the vibe all sticks knew to stay away from; the vibe that not infrequently resulted in broken sticks.
"Huh, huh," said Bennie, turning to his left and walking uphill. He didn't want any trouble.
At the top of the small hill Bennie turned and looked back at the scene. The person was laying on the ground again, face covered, but two of the doggos were looking up at him fixedly.
He saw a nearby stick laying on the ground and approached it. It was similar to how Bennie had been, but a little thicker and shorter.
"What do you see?" emanated Bennie.
"Whoa. How come you can talk to sticks?" asked the stick.
"I'm a stick," said Bennie. "Well, you know."
"I do, actually. I used to be a pig, but now I'm a stick."
"Yeah." Bennie knew to nod sagely. "The genie?"
"Genie? No. I was cursed by a magic-wielding crone for ruining something she was boiling."
"I see," said Bennie, although he didn't see at all, or at least not the crone or the boiling.

[Author's notes: I think I'm coming down with something. Wrote this after work, around 8:40pm.]
