30 Minutes Human # 00070
History, Invasion, Organizational Closure, Consequences, Famine
November 12, 2025

The last recorded meeting between the members of the Organizational Arrangement Committee took place on August 14, 1984. It was, by all accounts, an uneventful one, with testimony from remaining participants and minutes evidencing that nothing of note took place on that date.
When the invasion of Leven happened two weeks later, and the consequences of that action became evident to the global ruling class and, indeed, to the public, any thoughts about continuing with the OAC dissipated. It had, by most, been seen as an unnecessary level of bureaucracy more geared toward politics and egos than anything productive.
Surprisingly, although this may have been the case both upon its inception and when it was actually operational, later evidence suggests that the OAC was unwittingly holding back a tide that, once released, proved to have dire consequences.
The Leven invasion and the Levar war that followed were disastrous for the region, and continental stability was impacted for a couple of years thereafter, but everything returned to normalcy within a decade. New political bodies like the UAT and the Nevermore Front were established to attempt to prevent such a situation from arising again, and one could ascribe some beneficial impact to their existence, but nothing with the scope of the Organizational Arrangement Committee was ever set up again.
As a consequence of this, items like trade alignment across the nations of the Guar River, proactive airspace dispute prevention on the coasts of the East Ocean, and most importantly produce level oversight throughout the global agricultural belt were left unchecked.
This final point, as many readers will know, ultimately precipitated the Strong Famines that crippled the entire Neeven continent between 1999 and 2006, and in turn the Continental Rush that followed—and then the rebalancing of powers when some semblance of territorial stability in Neev was achieved.
To better understand how the disappearance of an apparently irrelevant organization like the OAC led to the birth of the Candle Empire, we most return to produce level oversight. For decades, the production of lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, beans, corn, and arguably wheat had been determined by OAC mandates that producers could optionally follow and, for at least one good reason, generally chose to.
One of the main reasons why producers followed OAC mandates was that the OAC also influenced purchase patterns for these products. Knowing that if they complied the fruit of their labor would be reliably purchased on the market, the OAC became the unrecognized infrastructure for the global trade of agricultural output in many regions of the world.
When the OAC vanished, and the benefit of its mandates with it, the market became more of a free market, and prices began to act erratically and to become untenable for the less economically strong regions. Scarcity resulted, and the nations of Wella, Snails, Hodland, and Central Neeven soon found that they were unable to feed their population. They were also unable to feed their livestock, and this quickly exacerbated the problem.
This led to an exodus from the affected countries, some escaping to the north, most to the south. Within half a decade their original homelands were largely deserted, and the scant care that had been given to farmland and forest in the region dropped to near-nothing. The desert reclaimed what had belong to it and started growing.
Specialists suggest that this desertification would've happened regardless; it would've taken significant human effort to not only stem the tide but push it back, and even in the good times these nations had neither the resources for it nor, one might suggest, the interest in doing so.
The migration was very great: hundreds of millions of people crossed borders seeking food for their children. This overwhelmed neighboring countries, which also quickly ran out of foodstuff and found that their production was in no way sufficient to feed their suddenly exploding population. No OAC mandates meant that they could no longer buy produce at reasonable prices, and the Southern Bloc had no interest in thinking charitably about how it purchased these products and continued to keep prices high.
People grew desperate and invaded farmland; they sought food that was simply not there. Agricultural land devastated, the people fled again, and the cycle was perpetuated.

[Author's notes: I was interrupted multiple times while writing this. Yesterday I had the idea of writing a "history book" for fictional history in a potentially fictional land, and I like the direction this took.]
