30 Minutes Human # 00066
Lip Augmentation, Scheduling, Salon, Gossip, New Friends
November 7, 2025

"I think I'll get the third option," she said.
"I think the third one would look lovely on you," said Dr. Hart.
"Yes. My friend Marlie has them like that, and she looks beautiful. Looks so young. I love it."
"Well, you'll have them just like that in the blink of an eye, just you wait."
Angela smiled at the window, if not at what lay outside of it, while Dr. Hart took off his gloves and mask. Then he invited her to join him back at his desk.
"Angela, I think you're making a phenomenal decision. I've never had one of my clients return dissatisfied. You're going to look like a billion dollars."
"I can't wait, Dr. Hart." She found herself salivating a bit. He was a bit older than what she usually liked, but given what he was about to give her, maybe she'd give him a treat. But with her new lips. Yes, maybe he'd get to try them first. She smiled.
"Alright. If it's an L3, then things should be relatively straightforward." He pressed a button by his monitor, and the door opened a moment later. "Alice, Angela will be getting an L3. Let's give her a spot soon, how does May look?"
Alice reappeared a moment later, tablet in hand.
"We could do the 21st... or here, how about the 16th?"
Angela thought for a moment—she wasn't sure what day it was. She was about to ask, then realized that there was a big daily calendar on the doctor's desk, and it showed '28 April' in a big round circle.
"That's in two weeks and a half! I don't think I have anything then, let's do it! Is that in the morning or the afternoon?"
"It would be at 9 in the morning," replied Alice.
"Could you send me a reminder email, pleeeze?" She gave Alice her warm cute friendly look, but Alice didn't catch it.
"Yes, of course. Happy to." Alice's thin smile looked like something out of a K-Mart ad for a Christmas tree, but it satisfied Angela.
"Alright. In that case, this appointment is on the house. Alice will be in touch regarding billing."
"Perfect!" Angela knew it wouldn't come cheap, but she'd get Charlie or Angelo to pay for it. That was rarely an issue.
She said her goodbyes, took the elevator down, and thought about walking for a while and enjoying what was soon to come her way when she realized that the car parked was downstairs. What a silly goose she was sometimes; she almost giggled. She made her way to the garage, and while she buckled in she imagined her new face.
She'd be the talk of the group. They'd be so jealous! With lips like that, more than one of them would have to take care of their husband. Especially Nancy, the smug little bitch. She'd get what was coming to her.
She glanced at her nails and didn't like what she saw; it had been a couple of days too many. On a whim, she dialed the salon.
"Hi!! Yes, it's Angela. Hi! Yes, honey, I know I don't have an appointment, but I was wondering if I could make one for today. Yes, today! I could be there in 20 minutes. Yep. No, the usual for me. Oh that's wonderful! I'll see you in a bit, then. Bye-ah!"
Today was working out even better than most of her good days, and that was saying a lot. Her good days were normally great days.
The drive to the salon was uneventful. When she got there, most of the spots were empty, but a woman she knew from yoga (from the old yoga, before she'd moved to Spinney's) was at one of the four seats. She greeted the girl at the reception desk and made herself comfortable on another one.
"Hi!!" She didn't know her name, but didn't care. This woman wasn't very attractive, but she was sweet, and sometimes had yummy little nuggets of gossip.
"Angie, hi!!" The woman seemed even more excited than she was by the greeting. It was genuinely pleasant to be around nice people, wasn't it?
They fell into conversation as one of the girls in the salon started work on Angela. She'd initially just wanted to get her hands done, but when asked if she also wanted to do her feet, she just went with it. Why not? She'd made a great and important decision today; she could treat herself.
"Did you hear about Dan Thompson?" asked the woman.
"No, what happened?" Dan Thompson had been handsome and rich once, but he'd fallen on hard times. His wife was somehow still with him; she'd put up with a smaller house, a less nice neighborhood, no more vacations to Europe, cheap clothes. Angela just didn't understand some people.
"He was getting a haircut at a barber shop when some muggers broke in. They wanted to steal the cash, but they shot him in the shoulder instead!!"
"What?! Did he die?"
"No, he was just injured. You know where he goes now, it's down on Lawley... you know. Why risk it, you know? Why go there?"
Angela nodded. Her new friend, if not a knockout, was certainly entertaining.
"Does he have insurance, or is he going to go broke buying himself a new shoulder?" She knew that she shouldn't have said that, and regretted it as soon as it came out. A little oopsie! Everybody was allowed one. Every so often.
Her friend laughed, though. Angela felt a flash (just a flash) of regret about not knowing this woman's name. She felt that they'd get along. And if they started hanging out, she'd always get all the looks between the two of the, particularly with her new lips.
She'd have to figure her name out.
"You're terrible, Angie!! You and I, we're all alike. People are always telling me, 'Violet, those comments you make, you're terrible!' But now here you are, and you're just like me! I love it!"
Violet! That was it—this really was her lucky day. Maybe she should buy the lottery! She giggled, knowing that she'd never be caught dead buying anything at a convenience store.
"Vio—can I call you Vio? great!—that's so funny. Why are people so touchy, right? It's just a joke. Like calm down, right?"
She glanced down at the girl painting her second left toenail, but she, like the one working on Violet's hands, didn't seem to be paying attention to their conversation. That was probably for the best.
Their repartee continued, and soon enough just about everybody from the upper part of town had been covered, dissected, and beaten to a pulp. They, of course, were the reigning and sacrosanct figures of that scene, and by the time Violet finished the extra detail she'd requested on her nails for the sake of extending the conversation, the two had become best friends.
"Ange, how about you and I have a mimosa night on Thursday? There's this place I know that uses Dom and imported oranges from like the Congo or something, anyway, they're amazing."
"Mimosa night? I love it, I've only ever had them for brunches! You're so crazy! Let's do it, what's the spot? Also, give me your number."
After Violet left, Angie spent the rest of her time at the salon daydreaming about her new friend. The woman had not spoken about her husband, but she had a big rock on her finger, so her situation was probably not dissimilar to Angela's.

[Author's notes: When Angela leaves the building, my writing stopped for a moment. I already hated her, and I seriously considered that she would get into a car wreck as she drove out and then be berated in Purgatory for always being a shitty person. Then I thought that she'd die not there but in the salon, but the fate that was meant for her ultimately went to poor Dan Thompson. Some bitches are just lucky.]
