30 Minutes Human # 00081
Inconvenience, Plan B, Stoppy-Hoppy, Ancient Helicopter, Farewell Mission
November 29, 2025

It didn't fit. It wasn't a question of size, but a question of shape; the socket was heptagonal, but the nut was hexagonal. The diameter, thickness, material, and probably manufacturer were right, but it was the wrong damn spec.
"Shit," said Louie next to him.
"Yeah," he responded. "Shit."
They pulled back, and saw guys all the way down the aircraft do the same. This was completely fucked.
Boss Sven had started to approach Gus and Louie when they'd pulled back too quickly, but now that he saw this gesture replicated all the way down the X-440's length, he stopped walking. Boss Sven trusted his crew. This bird wasn't going anywhere.
* * *
They looked at a map projected on the wall. The general geography they'd all long been familiar with, and the exercise of developing the now also well-known flightpaths had given them each unparalleled detail on certain sections of the territory. None of them knew the totality of the area as deeply their personal chunk, save perhaps for the Flight Commandant, but although they had blind faith in the man's leadership and flight abilities, they doubted that he had every single rock and pebble memorized across the quadrant.
"Billwiff, what's our move?"
Billwiff turned and looked at Lizard, who was leaning back and seemed to be about to place his feet up on the table.
"You want me to guess, to tell you, or to kick your ass?" asked Billwiff. Lizard chuckled and grinned.
"Alright, men," said the Flight Commandant, or 'FC' among the pilots when he wasn't around. "Our plan's shot. We can't deploy from the air carrier. This won't work. But unfortunately," he said before a pause, "it must work."
He looked at all his men, one at a time. They knew what was coming.
"You've each had some time to read this over and chew on it. We need ideas, and we need them immediately. Whomever proposes a winning strategy gets to go on a date with Lizard's wife."
Everybody hooted and clapped, but comments remained civilized and Lizard wisely ignored the bait. By the end of the meeting, however, his feet were fully on the table before him, and the FC had made no comment about it. Fair trade.
"What about a carrier ship?" asked GoatRam. He was always proposing ideas about how to approach different problems, and although his ideas weren't always successful, the entire squad was happy to have him. A Goater, as his brainchildren were known, occasionally had strong odds at getting them all out of trouble.
"We've played with the idea," said the FC. "But none of the aircraft we have will give us that kind of range."
"What about a stoppy-hoppy?"
The group started chuckling but stopped. They'd seen, within a second, the FC's expression go from annoyed to pensive.
"You've always said that it comes down to the numbers. Are you not willing to sacrifice one of our choppers?" asked GoatRam. "Can you think of anything else we could do?"
Unlike some of the others, GoatRam knew why the X-440 route had been eliminated at the last minute. He was wise enough to not refer to it directly—the FC would be receiving a hell of a chewout from the Coronel about it, even if the readiness team didn't directly report to him—but he also knew that their situation gave little in the way of flexibility, and that this made them needy, which in turn made their more far-fetched options appealing.
The FC glanced at his watch. They should've been airborne 25 minutes earlier, and the briefest of delays at this point would not prevent several hours' worth of lost time. Entire empires had been lost in briefer windows.
The Commandant exhaled sharply out his nose, pivoted, and walked out the room with his phone in hand.
* * *
It had sat there five decades, largely unused. It wasn't abandoned, nor had it been allowed to fade into rot, for the man in charge of it, a Sgt. Runny, was in love with the machine. He'd been on several of them during the war, sometimes at the front, sometimes at the back, and once at the tail, and in his opinion it was the best damn chopper that had ever existed. His love for it shone through every time he washed and polished it. He didn't want any other helicopter in the country to give even the faintest impression that it was a cleaner or better-kept whirlybird.
He'd been allowed to stay a permanent sergeant on a permanent posting. Runny had made it clear that if he was staffed away from Ruth (as he called the helicopter), he'd immediately resign. Since Admiral Jallison had also served in the war and was once saved by the crew of a similar vehicle, he'd allowed for Runny and Ruth to remain in that hangar frozen in time as long as they (both) wished.
That lasted the call came.
"You're retiring Ruth from retirement, Admiral?"
"I am, Runny. She has one last mission to run."
"I always knew that, Cap. That's why I kept her as I have: perfect. Ready to go at any moment.
"That's why I've chosen both of you, Sergeant."
"Both of us?"
* * *
Runny gave the lower-right corner of the cockpit glass a final, perfect polish. Several engineers, young and old, had emerged to the deck to see the machine; it looked not just as if it were fresh off the line, but as if this one had come factory-made right for this moment, as if it was a special, once-in-ten-thousand specimen.
"Runny, we need to get ready," said the Admiral.

[Author's notes: Wrote this one a plane, interrupted several times, sleepy. Also currently reading The Year of the Locust, which almost certainly served as an influence here. I like the structure, but the plot isn't what it originally might've been. // Editing notes: I don't remember writing much of this, and I wrote it ~4 hours ago]
