30 Minutes Human # 00074
Frog, Weaving, Universes, Debate, Eavesdroppers
November 16, 2025

Three flies flew out of the honeypot. Two of them made straight for the ceiling, but one of them, perhaps sick or unmotivated, took a lazy, meandering path toward the center of the room.
"How delightful," thought Yeremi the Frog. Without having to move from his comfortable position on the cushions, he shot his tongue out and caught the flying insect. It made for a delicious snack.
The other two were playing in a corner of the room, and he quickly tired of waiting for them to follow their unfortunate colleague. They might come. They might not. He didn't particularly care, one way or the other.
Yeremi the Frog had eaten a substantial and fairly recent lunch, so this was snacking out of sport, not hunger. He would not need sustenance for a couple of days following that meal, or at least nothing outside of the occasional lick of water.
In the meantime, he could weave.
Yeremi the Frog was a weaving frog. Comfortable on his cushions, he would take strands of gossamer silk and weave them into wool or denim, into polyester or cotton, and once cast on the ever-so-slowly growing mountain of finished work in the corner, his creations would take a life of their own and glow, pulse, and breathe.
It wasn't just a life. It was many lives. Yeremi the Frog had an idea of the profound depth his work had reached, but it never troubled him, though others might've been troubled by both this depth and his lack of curiosity.
There were other weaving frogs, of course, but none like Yeremi the Frog. His talent was unique: while other might make garments, or even simple worlds, he created universes. His occasional guests, whom he didn't care much for but sometimes simply allowed because he didn't feel like turning them away, generally found themselves gravitating toward that corner and, with a glance, a sniff, or even a stray hand, trying to get an idea of what the heartbeat there implied.
This had ultimately led something of a debate in Lendon. Without Yeremi the Frog's knowledge, though he likely wouldn't have cared much, most of the village's influential people had gathered in the Hall to discuss his power, his creations, and his future.
"What if he creates something so great it imperils the rest of us?" asked Karlos the Frog.
"Could it absorb any of us, or indeed all of us? One of his weavings, if they became too great?" asked Timas the Frog.
"What if one of them spilled forth, carelessly made too powerful, and then it was everywhere around us?" exclaimed Shaques the Frog.
"Do we know that those in his universes are not miserable? Are these happy worlds?" wondered Shanikka the Frog out loud.
So they debated, in circles, lines, and squares, never reaching consensus, none brave enough to come forth with a true and bold proposal.
Eventually, Gerart the Frog, wisest if not oldest in the village, asked for silence.
"I see two possible paths for us," he said. "One of them is that we bring him here and ask him. The other is that we do nothing and hope for the best."
"And action? What about just taking action?" yelled the ever-combative Lorra the Frog from the back. She was always one to propose such things, but never one to lead them.
"Remember that we do not know his power, Lorra Gng. If angered or spited, he could... well, we ignore what he might do. Weaving frogs die early deaths. The possibility of waiting for him to pass is not idly proposed; then we could see how to dispose of what remains in his shack, if that's what we choose to do."
Gerart the Frog had never been good at appearing unbiases when it came to choices, but it was his only flaw, so he was listened to.
"I prefer the option of summoning him here," said Timas the Frog. "Have him answer for himself. Or at least answer some questions."
Karlos the Frog leapt up at once. "I agree with Gerart Ilf. I know the temperament of our group," he said, his eyes flicking for the merest instant toward Lorra Gng, "and even the most peaceful and restrained session would end up in controversy. My vote is that we let things be."
"Thank you, Karlos Ilf," said Gerart the Frog with a nod. "Again, weaving frogs don't live to old age, and Yeremi the Frog is no longer young."
Stibben the Tadpole had been eavesdropping on this session through a crack in the corner of the Hall. He was troubled by what he heard, and eventually made his way back to two other tadpoles who awaited by the quarry.
"Well? Is it bad, Stibben Uo?"
"It is bad, Wendi Glg. Some are proposing that they turn to what might become violence." Stibben the Tadpole, though still very young, had shown signs of deep wisdom from an early age, and many already suspected that he might eventually replace Gerart the Frog.
"I must warn him," he said.
"He doesn't like you," Wendi the Tadpole said. Sindra the Tadpole, as usual short on spoken thought, nodded stiffly to echo her friend's words.
"Not quite. He doesn't trust me, and he doesn't trust me because he suspects that I may have a skill similar to his. He'll listen to me, I think."
"I think you should let the adults handle this, Stibben Uo."
"I don't think that would be prudent, Wendi Glg. Meet me tonight by Za Pond. After sunset."
With that, he bounded off toward the edges of town, where Yeremi the Frog lived in a small, slightly broken-down shack several minutes' stroll from his nearest neighbor's home.

[Author's note: I kinda like the naming conventions that started developing here. Having some regrets about the "'adults dumb, children must be wise" trope that emerged here.]
