30 Minutes Human # 00068
Alone, Barren Desert, Walk, Dream, Jackets
November 10, 2025

There was nothing in sight. Absolutely nothing: not a shack, not a tree, not a signpost. Nothing moved.
There were rocks strewn about, and sandy rock underfoot. Far in the distance there were a couple of flat-topped mountains. Even the sky was of a similar color to the ground, a dull reddish-brown.
He slowly turned 360 degrees, took it all in. It was more or less the same in every direction.
If he'd been in some sci-fi story, there might've been a single beacon to walk towards. A light, a monolith, a source of some sound. This was real, though, and there was nothing.
He had, in his pocket, what he'd left the store with. A couple of packaged cakes, some tomato-flavored chips, and a soda. He'd not starve to death. Not for a few days.
At least the temperature was pleasant and the air felt clean. He was also wearing his sneakers, well-worn ones that he'd owned for years.
He could walk. Since there wasn't really anything else to do, walk he would.
He turned in a circle again. It wouldn't do to walk aimlessly; he'd walk toward something. One of the flat-topped mountains seemed closer than the rest, so it would work for now.
He tried to take a first step. He failed. He couldn't step forward. He was able to lift his foot, and he was able to move his hips around. His arms went wherever he chose. But he wasn't able to move out of the spot he was in.
He looked straight up and saw a dot. It was far above him, directly far above him. Small, distant, black, apparently round.
There it was, then. The sci-fi element.
He tested and found that he wasn't able to step down more than a foot away from the point he stood on. His hand could move unrestrained, though. How far sideways could he stick it out? Could he fall? If he fell, could he get back up?
He decided against falling for now, but stretched himself to the side as far as he could. Nothing unusual. He found a coin in his pocket and tossed it. It flew forward and fell on the ground.
He knelt and examined the ground he stood on. As he'd expected, it was sand-covered rock. It was pretty hard-packed, but he surmised that there would be patches of ground that might hide quicksand or something similarly dangerous. He'd have to walk carefully. If he ever managed to walk at all.
He rubbed some dirt between his fingers. It felt like dirt had felt on subpar beaches. He'd been to a desert once, but that had looser, drier sand.
He knelt. Tried standing up again, and had no problem with it, so he knelt again. He tried to crawl, but he wasn't able to move his feet forward and set them down. They were forced back to where they started.
He laid himself flat and stretched as far as he could go. Nothing came of it. His fingers grazed air. He flipped over and looked at the dot up in the distant sky.
No feet, then. He stood, took his jacket off, and got on the floor face-down. He bent his knees so his feet would be above and behind him and crawled forward. He kept his feet away from the ground.
After he'd moved a few yards he braced himself and lightly touched the ground with his toe. Nothing happened. Both toes, both feet. He stood up. Took a step forward. He was free.
To the mountain, then. Jacket over his shoulder, he took off in the direction he'd determined, albeit giving the spot he'd been stuck in a wide berth.
He walked for hours. After a while he realized that the sky was getting neither darker nor lighter. There was nothing to set his eyes on in the sky, not a moon, no stars, not a sun. Nothing except the black dot, of course. But that was well behind him now.
He took a small sip of soda and was grateful that he'd purchased the bigger bottle, despite his sugar-related misgivings. The 500ml one. He felt hungry, but figured that he could draw that out a bit longer.
On a whim, he lay down. He chose a soft-enough-looking patch of ground without rocks on it and lay face-up. He put the jacket over his eyes and slept.
In his dream he was in blackness. There was nothing around him, and indeed, no sense of up or down. He floated in nothing.
Then his face grew taut, and he felt that he was all face. His mouth opened in a scream but only continued opening and no sound came out. His mouth was impossibly big, bigger than the rest of him. He was being stretched beyond human recognition. All mouth.
Then he woke up. He picked up his jacket and looked around. Nothing had changed. The mountain seemed a little closer than when he'd started, so perhaps it had been a bit nearer than he'd realized. He continued to walk.
After a while he felt warm, and realized that he was wearing his jacket. He had his jacket in his hand, though.
He laid both jackets down on the floor. They were identical, both his jacket. There was a 500ml bottle of soda in each one, equally consumed. The same cakes. The same chips.
He searched for the dot in the sky and didn't see it. It was wasn't above him. It was gone.
He considered leaving one of the jackets. Extra weight, extra energy consumption. But it might come in handy later. Everything around him was sand, rock, and air.
He took both jackets under-arm, then decided to feed himself. A sip from one of the bottles, and half a cake. He had four cakes now, and figured that he should be fed to face whatever the hell he was eventually going to face. This had to be leading to something, he assumed.
Including possible starvation. The circular logic made him chuckle.
He walked again. Walked for a long time. He was pleased to find that he didn't sweat. Back home, even with nice weather, with this much walking he'd be feeling it under his shirt by now. But he was cool and dry. And the mountain was getting closer.
Eventually he stopped again and took another sip, then lay down. He had no notion of time, and suspected that it worked differently here, so he decided to take a nap, however long it ended up being.

[Author's notes: This one was interesting to write because at any point any number of things could happen, and multiple possibilities crossed my mind after every couple of lines. I kept it sparing because I didn't want it to be goofy. I think some Raymond Carver short stories I've been reading may have influenced the writing style.]
