30 Minutes Human # 00072
Small Boobs, Roommate, Class, Crepe, Awkward Conversation
November 14, 2025

She didn't like the size of her own boobs.
She faced herself in the mirror and felt them. First her right, then her left. Both at the same time. Cupped them, squeezed them, pushed them together. Pressed the nipples in, watched them re-emerge. Cupped them again, simulating tight cleavage. Dropped her arms. Stood sideways and looked at how her silhouette curved. It wasn't much. Neither up front nor down behind.
She sighed.
Her hair she liked. It was dirty blonde and very curly, and every day it took a slightly different shape. She liked to keep it spongy and lively like that. Guys liked it. And she figured that her face was pretty enough.
She thought about a boob job, not for the first time. She'd seem some pictures online of girls who'd had those and the scarring was terrible. She wasn't sure if they were all that bad, or if those were just the worst cases, but it put her off. And even the "normal" ones looked blocky, chunky. She wanted her body to look real. 'Like the gals in the pictures, pa.'
"Audrey? You're gonna be late again."
She looked at her cat clock. Yes, she was going to be late again. She dove into the pile of clothes by her closet, extracted what she needed, and threw it all on. Her nails could use some work, but it was too late to worry about that. She left her room and ran down to the kitchen.
"You're in luck. I was about to leave."
"Yep, yep. Thanks." She smiled at him. He didn't smile back.
"Come on."
She nipped into the pantry and pulled out two bananas, then plucked a box of milk from the fridge, making sure the straw was still stuck to it. Hank stopped the truck just long enough for her to hop on, and off they went.
* * *
Eastern History was not her favourite course, but it did make her wonder. Who were all these people in the class? As the professor droned on about the Qing dynasty and its legacy, Audrey glanced around the room, her eyes pausing for a moment on different people's faces.
Most were probably like her: they had an elective slot to fill, and this course seemed both harmless and at a convenient time. And it was both, really. She'd get a B or a C here, based on the first few assignments, and it was just the sort of lecture to zone out in after lunch.
Then there were the ones who really loved the subject. She didn't know how to identify those, but they were probably the ones who sat at the front. And then there were probably a couple of randos who were either desperate or didn't care enough to be selective about what they signed up for.
"Audrey? What about you?"
"I'm sorry, Professor. What?"
"Please pay attention. Joseph, what would you say?"
"Come again, professor?"
She couldn't believe her luck. Had Joseph known the answer, that might've been a problem. But he was paying about as much attention as she was.
She looked at Joseph again. She'd seem him around. Average-looking guy. A weak attempt at a beard. Ugly monochrome sweaters. Had probably owned the same glasses since high school. Nah.
* * *
She had some time to kill before her last class, Social Dynamics. Then she'd probably meet Cassa for some noodles. Class was about an hour and a half away, though, and she didn't have any homework to take care of today. Just time to kill.
She liked to sit by the Arlington statue when she had lunch. It was a great spot for people watching, and sometimes stuff happened, like passersby falling, dogs pooping, people making out, and one time a lady had dropped an enormous pot of stew on herself. That had been a bit sad, but at least it seemed to be cold stew, given that she hadn't burned herself.
She'd thought about getting ice cream, but the temptation of the Crêpe Steppe had been too great to resist, and that's what she'd gotten. Dulce de Leche and Macadamia. Yummy. She'd bought another box of milk with that, because why not, and this time she hadn't forgotten to stuff some napkins in her pocket.
It was now after lunch, though, and foot traffic was pretty low. There weren't too many people to watch.
She thought about Hank. She'd wondered about him sometimes, but hadn't reached any conclusions. Sure, he was handsome, in a hunky, old-timey sort of way. She could see him on a ranch, taking care of the work. But something about him had never done it for her, which was probably why they could be roommates. She knew she wasn't his type, given that she'd seen the girls he hung around with and they definitely didn't look like her, and with time she'd come to suspect that Hank saw her as something of a little sister.
Which was fine by her. It was nice to have somebody who might protect her, if ever necessary.
She wondered about his dick. She'd almost seen it once by accident, but had decided to look away at the last moment. That was probably for the best, though she wondered why she'd done that. Maybe she was a bit wiser than she gave herself credit for, although that wouldn't really be saying much.
A guy was walking in her direction. With nothing better to give her attention to, she watched him. He looked familiar. Right—he was in her Eastern History class, the guy who'd been sitting next to Joseph. A bit on the pudgy side, funny teeth, looked a bit Asian, probably wasn't. He was almost always wearing a baseball cap.
He saw her when he stepped into the plaza, did a mild double take, seemed to make a decision, and walked toward her.
"Hi."
"Hey there."
His eyes flashed up to her hair.
"You're in my Eastern History class."
"Yep." She thought she shouldn't be a bitch, so she added, "I'm Audrey."
"I'm Sliv." He nodded.
"Sliv?"
"Yep." A pause. "That's what they call me."
"Gotcha." She didn't care enough to ask.
He stood there for another moment, as if unsure of what else to say, then added "Alright, see you in class. Bye!"
He turned to his right almost robotically and walked straight off without looking back. Audrey distantly wondered if he was actually headed in that direction.

[Author's notes: Inspired by, and/or based on, people I'm familiar with. College was awful for some of us.]
