30 Minutes Human # 00075
Sailors, Vessel, Directionless, Clean Deck, Weapon Maintenance
November 17, 2025

The seagull circled slowly, lazily overhead. It seemed to be in no rush to get anywhere, content with freedom of movement and with the easy availability of food and shelter. That seagull knew it would eat well today. It knew where it might sleep. It wasn’t concerned.
João watched with distinct envy. He didn’t have certainty about any of those things. Food on the ship was running out, his hammock’s grab had rotted a few days ago, and he had no idea where he was headed. If this final point hadn’t been an issue, it wouldn’t have been that bad, but the crew had all started to realize that nobody knew where they were sailing. The captain was lost.
“Dried fish? The best sort?”
“Sure.” João turned and took a suspect slice of sunfish from Menelo’s hand. It was what kept them alive, that and the relatively salt-free water, but he was tiring of it, and he knew that his body was screaming for more variety.
“What’s on your mind.” It wasn’t a question. Menelo knew what was on his friend’s mind.
“The seagull.”
“Yeah.”
They both knew that watching the wildlife proved to be an endless source of frustration to the tired crew, but it was also one of the few diversions that wasn’t dangerous. After a few fights and a few burials-at-sea, the crew had fragmented into small friendly clusters that tended to avoid each other.
“Any change?”
“None. Same course for four days now.”
“Hmm.”
João knew something about Menelo that nobody else knew: the man could read the stars. He didn’t know where they were on the sea, but his father had taught him enough when he was young to at least ken  when they were heading in the same direction and when they were turning. Since leaving Lisbon in May, Menelo also had an idea of which direction home was in, although with all the turns and changes the captain had made to their course, he was starting to have some doubts.
“Anything new belowdecks?”
“No,” responded João. “The crew have bought Felipe’s rosy version of the plan. We may have a few days of peace.”
“There’s a running wager that Felipe will be the next to swim with the sunfish,” said Menelo. “Either him or Marcel.”
“Marcel deserves it more, I think. Felipe’s against the wall on this one.”
“Maybe, but the crew doesn’t know or care about that.”
They watched the water for a while. Dolphins appeared twice, once nearby and once further out, and that always proved entertaining.
“You two! Come to it!” Chief Tato was holding a mop and a bucket. “I want this deck shining like the King’s arse, which of you two goes?”
Neither of them remotely minded that assignment; although it was Hell on the hands, it was safe and kept the mind busy. Menelo raised his hand first. “I’ll do it.” The implements were thrust into his arms, and he headed off to the starboard corner of the lower rear deck to get started.
“Felina, are you having a pleasant cruise?” Tato had stepped up to João, and was inches from his face. This had put him off at first, either from disgust or anger, but now he was used to it. Chief Tato acted this way with everybody.
“Ready to take orders, Chief.”
Chief Tato growled, and João was sure he felt something come out of the man’s throat and land on his upper lip. He didn’t react.
“Go clean the weaponry,” snarled the Chief. He pulled a small key off his ring. “Don’t get any ideas, remember. Munitions are elsewhere. And you don’t get to leave the cage until you’re finished. Not even if we sink.”
João shrugged. “Yes sir,” he responded.
They stepped belowdecks. Chief Tato allowed him into the cage, then locked the door. He handed over rags, oil, and grease, in addition to the necessary hardware.
“Get to it,” he muttered, and walked off.
João didn’t care for this task; the fumes made him dizzy and after a while he started seeing spots. It triggered a seasickness that he had otherwise long mastered. 
He’d learned to clean the muskets first; they’d be difficult once he no longer felt on steady ground. There was a risk of hurting himself with the swords if those were left for last, but he’d determined that it had to be a priority to leave the cage quickly, come what risk might.
“Felina, in the cage today?” Dangorro walked by with a big loop of rope over his shoulder. “Don’t throw up like Menelo did last week.”
João didn’t respond, but winked. Dangorro was a pain in the ass, but he was friendly to them, and two weeks earlier had stepped in to deactivate a fight that might’ve otherwise proved ugly for the two friends.
A trick he’d learned for cleaning the muskets was to take turns with his eyes. They stung after a while of cleaning, but only if open. He pulled his patch from his rear pocket, left only his right eye uncovered, and grabbed the first of twenty muskets.
The rod and the brush were leaning against the corner, as they should be. Given that the muskets hadn’t been fired since the last time they were cleaned, or indeed at any point during the entire voyage, the only purpose of this job was to keep the metal free of salt. Corrosion could degrade weapons that might then fail to go off in the worst possible moment.
The company, always with an eye on saving money, and worried not about pirates, privateers, or foreign vessels—it was easy to not be concerned when it wasn’t your flesh out on the water—had opted for much cheaper firearms that couldn’t be disassembled.
João and the others did the best they could with this task, because they knew that although they’d feel ill for a few days afterward, these arms could prove to be the only thing between them and an unusually ugly death at sea that nobody would ever know of.
The barrel and stock were simple enough to clean, but both the real challenge and the critical item were the trigger and firing mechanism. You had to do your best to slip in a fine bit of fabric through the crack and clean off any salt residue. Fortunately, despite his physical reaction the previous week, Menelo had seen the job through, and João only had to do maintenance. That it were always this easy.
He thought back to when he initially met Menelo. This was their second voyage together, but they’d met before that, one August afternoon some years back when both were looking for work.

[Author’s notes: Interrupted a couple of times when writing this one. I set out to write a character study, but it turned into a general landscape of a frustrated crew on a wooden boat, apparently aimless at sea.]
