30 Minutes Human # 00067
Mercenaries, Firefight, Office, Outnumbered, Distractions
November 9, 2025

Jolly approached the corner in a crouch. He was down to four bullets, and didn't entirely trust the old knife he'd slipped into his belt. The four shots would have to count.
He tossed the calculator across the hall. It was black and there was little light, so odds were good that they wouldn't see its arc across the space. It worked: the device clattered on the floor, and shots rang out a second later.
Bingo. Amateurs. He sidled out, barrel and eye aligned, and saw the helmeted head of the bigger guy, the one who hadn't said much throughout. Jolly's shot went through his visor and right eye and out the back of his head, thus ensuring that the man wouldn't say anything ever again.
He hadn't been alone. Two bursts of machine-gun fire came in response, and Jolly had just enough time to hide again before they creamed a recycle bin that had been right behind him.
This hallway wouldn't do anymore. He returned, careful to not tread on the patches of shattered glass, and quickly arrived back at the couched area next to the elevators. There was a big printer against a corner, and he took position next to it and listened.
There was silence for a few seconds, followed by light shuffling. Somebody was moving on him, following him from whence he'd come.
Jolly turned to the printer: it was a fairly standard Epson model, one he knew how to use. He set it to make 300 copies and hit the button, then set one of the two timed explosive charges he had left on the machine. 30 seconds started ticking down.
He'd been exposed on that corner for an irresponsible amount of time, and now moved out of the way. A voice in the back of his head told him that it was a minor miracle that he'd not been shot when pulling that stunt, but another voice also knew that although the men he was facing were dangerous, they weren't professionals.
He moved to behind a maroon couch on the far end and waited. Before long, one of the mercs, the one with the sideburns who would've looked in place at a Vietnamese beach bar in the early 90s, approached the printer. He wasn't dumb enough to go up to it, but it was clearly distracting him.
Jolly had picked up a small potted cactus from a desk, and he now tossed it at the window opposite the printer. The merc whirled at the sound, but didn't fire.
Then printer exploded. The guy hadn't been close enough for the blast to kill him, but it threw him a few feet forward, and he fell flat on his face. Jolly didn't give him a chance to get up; he leapt on the man, knife in hand, and stabbed it through the side of his throat, then out the front.
The knife gave, as Jolly suspected it would, and he found himself with only the handle in hand. The blade had remained in the convulsing man's neck. Jolly wasn't too worried about him, but did help himself to the merc's SMG and ammo clips. There were two of these, plus a half-full one slotted in.
There was also a knife, a real one this time. The explosion would quickly bring attention to that part of the office, so he didn't poke around the man's body any further, and made his way toward the rear window, where a few large plants blocked a nice view of the city below.
Two men came out of the shadows. One of them took stock of the destroyed printer, and the other looked down at his fallen comrade-in-arms, then nudged him with his book. They signaled to each other to go in the direction Jolly had taken.
He'd changed the half-mag for a full one, and now he used it. Jolly set the SMG on burst and dropped one on each of the men. The first one took two shots in the chest and one right below the neck, right above where his vest ended. That was it for him. The second, his reflexes sharpened to a point by years of this sort of work, ducked and dove to the side just in time, and none of the shots hit him.
The remaining gunman took position behind a desk and fired a burst in Jolly's general direction. He waited a few second, fired again, and then low-walked to take cover behind one of the couches.
Jolly had a distant thought about how incompetent these guys were. He fired four bursts through the couch, then moved around to check on his target. The guy was still alive, but his gun was down. Jolly set his weapon to single-shot as he moved the muzzle to the man's head, then put him out of his misery. Another down.
How many of these guys were there? He went back to the printer corner, took position, and waited silently. Nothing. Nobody close to him, at least. He knelt and waited longer. After a few minutes, he heard them: cagey, insecure steps halfway across the floor.

[Author's notes: I wrote this while listening to peppy, upbeat music, which didn't really work for this action scene. I don't think this is anywhere close to my best work on 30MH. Didn't particularly enjoy writing it, either.]
