30 Minutes Human # 00079
Used Car, Alternatives, Visit, Buyback, Offer
November 24, 2025

"Let's buy a car."
She was looking at me in her usual off-putting, unblinking fashion. She didn't joke unless she was very clearly joking, and that was not the case here. I shrugged.
"Sure, but why?"
"In the long term, even the in the medium term, it'll be cheaper. And it's obviously a lot easier."
I gathered my (basic) thoughts while she responded, because we were evidently having this conversation right on this pier.
"A lot easier than what, though? What are our alternatives? I assume you want a car for transportation."
"Yes. Alternatives are lease a car, buy a motorcycle, by a scooter, buy bicycles, walk everywhere, use public transportation, use the ridesharing apps. Leasing a car gives us nothing after a few years. It's like paying rent. A motorcycle is unsafe, and a scooter and bicycles are also unsafe, and they're not that great for transportation. Public transportation is slow and doesn't go everywhere, and ridesharing is expensive. Kinda like leasing, I guess."
"Alright, so what are the downsides to buying a car? We'd be—"
I was about to think on my feet, but she had a ready response. I just let it come.
"There's the risk of buying a lemon. If the model is too old, resale may be unfeasible. There's some additional taxes we have to pay. We're responsible for parking/storage. We also have to pay for gas. And maintenance, of course."
"You've thought this through haven't you," I stated, not bothering to phrase it as a question.
"I have. Let's buy a car."
* * *
There was no question about it being a used car. New cars were a luxury for folks who could afford it, and you really needed to want it. Throwing money away is easy, but that wasn't the sport we were currently into.
We considered a number of options. Brands we looked at the standard ones; nothing too expensive but not the low-end makes either, since those couldn't be relied on for safety.
At the end we were left to choose between four options. The Benk Lowkey, the Benk Nessa, the Slivvo Wrist, and the Goldman Rarie. All sedans, because we liked the additional trunk space. The Benk ones were a little more expensive, but their safety scores were higher, particularly the 2017-2022 models. The other two were cheaper, and although reviews for the Goldman weren't great on performance, it was spacious and incomparably comfortable.
We ended up opting for the Nessa. What made the difference was the fact that authorized Benk garages were plentiful in town, and there was enough Benk hardware rolling around that replacement parts were known to flow freely. Compare that to buying a Yaratti, where you might be waiting for a replacement gasket for four or five months, or even more if you were unlucky.
"Bobby," she said when se drove out of the lot. "I'm happy with this. I think we made the right decision."
"Me too, honey."
* * *
The doorbell rang on a Thursday night about two weeks after we bought the car. It was a fairly rainy evening, and I wondered who might be out at this hour. Even though we lived in a safe neighborhood, and indeed in a safe city, I felt a hint of worry in my chest.
Despite this, I opened the door without checking the peephole, and what I found wouldn't have given me pause anyway. There was a short man in a dark grey raincoat there, small eyes squinting through wire-rimmed glasses. He'd gone largely bald some years earlier, if my time at Dello's served for indication.
He dripped water on my doorstep as he stood there, but said nothing. After a few moments, I broke the silence myself.
"Hi there. Can I help you?"
"Yes, hi. I'd like to buy the car back. Please."
I raised my eyebrows, largely out of surprise.
"Excuse me? The car?"
"Yes, the dark green Nessa you purchased. I'd like to buy it back."
"I'm sorry, sir, I... what? Who are you?"
"I'm the previous owner of the vehicle. We left it at the dealership, but were going to get it back, and then something came up. I'm sorry. I'll give you more than you paid for it. Twelve percent more."
He gave me the same impression Tessa gave me sometimes, that he didn't joke. Perhaps this one didn't joke at all, not even sometimes.
"I'm sorry, sir, but we bought this car, and we like it. It took us a while to find it. We're going to keep it."
"I—"
This exchange bothered me for some reason, so I continued uninterrupted.
"For the money you're willing to pay, 12% over what we spent—assuming you know what we spent, let's say you do—you should be able to buy a very nice Nessa, maybe one or two years more recent."
"It's not about it being a Nessa. It's this particular car. I need to buy it back."
"Oh, how come?" I was going to lead with further questions, but stopped there to see what he'd respond.
"I can't share that. I'll give you fifteen percent more than what you paid." Some math went on behind his eyes, and changed his mind to, "sixteen percent. I'll give you sixteen percent."
The man was by now getting on my nerves, and I was about to turn him away, when my inner Tessa said, '16% more is not a bad return on investment for two weeks of holding.' I responded with 'It took us months to choose', and she came back with 'But the choice won't go away. We like the Nessa.'
I wondered how much I could get out of him. I also wondered why he wanted this particular vehicle so badly, but something told me not to dig into that too deeply.
Then I saw that if I were to start haggling I might find myself committed, at which point Tessa would be involved too late, and that might lead to trouble.
"You're going to have to make a better offer," I said. "Wait here." I shut the door in his face and went upstairs.
* * *
"Sixteen percent?"
"Yep."
She ran some numbers in her mind.
"How much do you think we could get from him?"
"The progression was twelve, fifteen, sixteen. I don't think he's rolling in dough. But who knows."
"If we get 22%, we sell it. Go get'em, dragon." She gave me a kiss on the chin, then went back to the journal she was reading. I went back downstairs.

[Author's notes: I was heavily interrupted by this one, and the interruptions made me upset in more ways than one, so I almost gave on it. Glad I didn't. I like all the characters and the mystery; this one I'd enjoy developing.]
