30 Minutes Human # 00069
Fate, Final Day, Errand, Accident, Broken Nose
November 11, 2025

The day she died she smelled flowers on her way out of her building.
They'd been there since she'd moved in. She knew this because she'd glanced at them a couple of times on her way in and out, but that had been it. That day was different. She looked at them, then looked again, stopped, leaned over, and with the stem lightly in hand, took a deep breath.
They smelled lovely. They smelled of the homes of grandparents and uncles, of fields, of days spent careless in youth. She smelled again and saw old friends, her parents, and the flash of a smile whose owner she wasn't entirely able to place.
As she stood back up she grazed the stem and petal with her fingertip and contemplated the flower for a long moment. Then she walked off, headed west on the street where she lived, never to return.
She took the bus that day. On a day like this she'd normally walk, for it was pleasant out, but she was running a bit late and didn't quite feel like it. Some of the passengers she recognized, for that was the route she always took, but others were strangers. She lost herself in thought as she watched the passersby and the people in other cars. She saw mailboxes, ice-cream parlors, any number of stores, scrap paper caught in the wind, and one cat.
The lobby to her office was morning-packed, with the doorman, one whose name he didn't know, staffing the desk. There were plenty of people walking in. The elevator was fairly packed, and somebody smelled of beans. She wondered for a second if she'd brushed her teeth that day. She had.
"Erika," came the voice when the stepped out of the elevator. "Just whom I was hoping to find. The meeting's been canceled, if that's where you're rushing to."
"I am, Mr. Hendricks. Thank you."
"I need you to run an errand for me."
"Of course, sir. What is it?"
He began to speak, caught himself, and asked her to leave her things at her desk and then join him in his office. She complied.
"Erika," said Hendricks once they were alone. "I have some important paperwork I need delivered."
"Okay," she responded.
"We have a messenger service for this sort of thing, and 99 times out of a hundred, no, 999 times out of a thousand, I'd use them. But not this time. This paperwork is... delicate. It's important."
He paused, but she remained quiet.
"I'd like you to deliver them for me. I know it's well below your station, particularly given how you've grown with us, but I'd be grateful if you helped me with this."
She'd started as a temp in the mailroom several years earlier, and had been proud of how she'd risen since then. Part of that was thanks to Mr. Hendricks' support of her. She didn't bat an eyelid.
"Of course, Mr. Hendricks. I'd be more than happy to help you with this. Just give me the details and I'll take care of it."
He gave her an address and a manila envelope containing what felt like 20-30 sheets of paper. Then he said, "When you arrive, ring the bell for the fourth floor and ask for Wallace. If they ask you for a password, say 'chamomile tea'. Don't write it down, just remember it."
"Of course. My friend Annie loves chamomile tea. I won't forget."
"Thanks, Erika." He made as if to turn his mind to other matters, then looked back at her and said, "Erika. Be careful."
She thought about that comment as she rode in a taxi she'd hailed on the street. If this was as important as he indicated it was, couldn't—shouldn't—he have delivered it himself? And the 'be careful' line, a password, an address down in Port City...
The cab driver braked suddenly. Brakes squealed and tires screeched, and Erika was thrown into the back of the passenger seat. She felt her nose break.
"You fucking idiot, watch where you fucking walk! Fuck! What the fuck!!" The cabbie had half-exited the vehicle until he'd realized that the person he'd almost hit was a distressed-looking middle-aged woman. She didn't look like she needed more grief. With a tad less anger in his voice, the man yelled, "Move out of the way, lady!"
He drove on and asked, "Are you alright, miss? Sorry about that. She came out of nowhere."
Erika had moved to the middle seat and was regarding herself in the rearview mirror. There was blood on her face, and after she put her hand on her mouth, she found that it was coated in red.
"I think I broke my nose," she said. She felt the vibration of her voice in her nose, and it was an unpleasant feeling.
"Aw, shit. I'm sorry, lady. Really, I don't know where she came from. Here." He reached into the glove compartment and withdrew a box of Kleenex. "Use as many of these as you need. And wait," he added and rummaged further. "Here." They were a small bottle of hand disinfectant and a mostly empty package of wet wipes.
She took them with thanks and used a few tissues to get most of the mess off. The blood continued to flow.
"Stick them up your nose. That'll stop the bleed. You want me to take you to a hospital?"
She'd had her nose broken twice before, once as a child, and another time when she played volleyball in high school. It was annoying, but nothing to worry about—and her eye caught the manila envelope on the seat next to her.
"No, let's keep going. Thanks."
They rode in silence for a while. Upon approaching the group of warehouses the address directed them to, the man asked, "Is this it, miss?" He was pointing at a forbidding concrete building to the side of the bigger storage facilities.
"Looks like it. Thank you." Before stepping out, she changed the tissues in her nose and used the disinfectant to wipe her hands. Her blouse had a couple of stains on it, but nothing egregious.

[Author's notes: I listened to Wagner while writing this one. Too bad about Erika, I like her.]
